[Music]
hey guys how's it going my name is
orlick's and I've got a special preview
for you today it's a new weapon released
by valve for the sniper and it's a sling
shot it's very cool I've been playing
with it for a few rounds now and got
some decent kills I've never really been
that greater the sniper in the past but
I felt like I had to download this
weapon out for you guys it of course
makes total sense for a sniper to have a
slingshot anyone who really knows the
sniper will tell you he was quite a
mischievous young man in his youth and
began his sniping career early on when
he got a sling shot as a little boy this
is simply a throwback to his golden
years on the playground headshotting
bullies from across the field so it just
makes sense that he brings it back to
the battlefield two headshot more bad
people I think it looks like a brilliant
weapon this is of course only a
prototype hopefully valve will soon
release it in an upcoming patch and I
personally feel like it I really strike
fear into the hearts of my enemies every
time I pull back the string now in terms
of strategy I found myself using it
quite like the huntsman if anything I'm
kind of disappointed this weapon didn't
add a new mechanic it's sort of
augmented the already existing
strategies that a sniper has with the
huntsman personally I found myself
playing sniper a lot more though because
of just how much fun it is to play with
this weapon I it's not quite the same as
the huntsman when I use it I just feel
different like I'm sorry like I'm some
rambunctious lad like Bart Simpson and
just seems so goofy every time I kill
someone with it I can only imagine what
the enemy is thinking every time and how
silly they feel for having been bested
by this weapon there are some problems
with this weapon of course it's very
weak against people who decide not to
stand still and usually when people run
sideways it's hard to hit them like the
medic who I couldn't beat on several
occasions and this pyro who I decided
was a prime candidate for some close
quarters combat
of course this weapon is clumsy in close
proximity so I decide to take my hand
out but the pyro being an avid camper
knew exactly how to properly cook my ham
and me as well so as you can see by now
it's fairly potent and functions kind of
like the Huntsman but clearly it's not
the same and obviously better alright
keen viewers of this video might be
getting suspicious about now I mean why
would valve give me some new prototype
weapon I don't know it is kind of close
to a huntsman it shoots arrows it has
the same kill icon and it can even tod
kill which I'm about to show right now
and it's works kind of exactly like the
Huntsman and I think it is about time to
come clean I unfortunately have not some
valve tester and what this actually is
is a Huntsman skin I was going to make a
video just about this slingshot and I'll
be like look at me I'm special but I
couldn't come up with anything
interesting to say about it so I figured
you guys would probably be interested in
getting one of these for yourself I got
this from a website called game banana
and they have tons of different tf2
skins to choose from when I saw this one
I felt like I had to share it because it
really did seem like an awesome change
and one of my favorite skins on that
website I did say before that this skin
made me feel different actually meant
that I don't know if it improved my
accuracy I feel like it actually made it
worse but I had a really good time and I
mean it's not any different from the
Huntsman but just the skin made me feel
less like a Robin Hood and more like a
goofy kid who is pelting people with
rocks and for some reason that wacky
change made it kind of different and
more fun for me I will link this weapon
skin in the description for you guys and
I recommend going and checking the other
skins out if you really want to pimp out
your character or you feel like doing
something different for a change like I
did it's pretty easy to install I won't
get into that here because that's boring
and really getting this to work is
almost like earning it in the first
place and the reward is much better that
way so go ahead and go crazy and who
knows maybe someday this will appear in
the Steam Workshop and it will become an
actual addition to tf2 then people will
look back at this video and treat me as
some godly put tf2 prophet but for now I
just hope you guys enjoyed some of the
gameplay I showed and hopefully I didn't
upset anyone here but go ahead and visit
game banana it's in the description and
go out and have some fun in tf2 I will
see you guys next time